So we have a full SMTP server implementation right now.
We can see if things are running, but a few options are hardwired in the code, which is not good,
and those values usually change based on deployment.
I mean running things locally on or on the server in production so we can reuse application properties
and these concepts concept of profiles in Springboard so we can use this spring as SMTP, server enabled
hostname and port.
Those free information can be used then in SMTP server service.
So we create a few variables.
We can use this enable variable just as a condition whether the SMTP should start or not.
We can specify a hostname and we can specify also a port.
So we have those free, free variables which we are going to re-use in in the code.
Then those variables should take a value coming from application properties.
So we use that add value annotation which is actually taking variable outside.
From the outside it means from application properties, it can be overridden overridden by vault configuration,
for example.
So we have those free variables based of on application properties, text SMTP enabled here we can just
do a copy paste for a SMTP hostname and SMTP port.
So we have a few more variables.
Hostname a port.
Then we can just re-use those variables in the start method implementation.
So we are replacing a local host specific port with the variable.
Yes, of course we we created a port as a string so we can change it to comply the expected variable
type.
Of course there is no need for initial variable as to string so we can set the port and that's actually
all we have.
Also the the new one variable called enabled so we can create a condition and when enabled and application
properties we start SMTP server.
Otherwise we, we don't.
So we just re-use this logging information and we can just inform our lock that SMTP is disabled by
configuration if enabled is set to false.
And this is really useful as mentioned to we can then change the configuration based on our situation.
So for testing purposes we can we can set a different port or hostname from the production environment
and it can, it can be handled easily with a standard, standard way we can even disable a SMTP server
if needed for some purposes.
And then we can start our application and we can check using a log information if things looks the way
as we just defined in application properties.
So so SMTP server should be running or not based on configuration using the port and everything else.